Create vis_type_xy plugin to replace histogram, area and line charts (#78154)
elastic/kibana: docs/management/advanced-options.asciidoc

==== Visualization

[horizontal]
[[visualization-visualize-chartslibrary]]`visualization:visualize:chartsLibrary`::

> Enables new charts library for areas, lines and bars in visualize. Currently, does *not* support split chart aggregation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables the new charts library for area, line, and bar charts in visualization panels. Does *not* support the split chart aggregation.
```
